🚸 Expose `.namachine` Export to Python to interface with MQT NAViz (#719)
cda-tum/mqt-qmap: docs/na_zoned_compiler.md

The output is in the `.naviz` format that can be read by the `MQT NAViz` tool
at [github.com/cda-tum/mqt-naviz](https://github.com/cda-tum/mqt-naviz).
This tool allows visualizing the resulting quantum computation.

> To import the architecture used for the compilation, you can use the [`to_namachine_file`](#mqt.qmap.na.zoned.ZonedNeutralAtomArchitecture.to_namachine_file) function to export the architecture to the `.namachine` format accepted by MQT NAViz.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import the architecture used for the compilation into MQT NAViz, you can use the [`to_namachine_file`](#mqt.qmap.na.zoned.ZonedNeutralAtomArchitecture.to_namachine_file) method to export the architecture to the `.namachine` format accepted by MQT NAViz.
```
Or similar. The existing sentence is a little confusing.
